hello everyone is the coupons for
I want to share with you my purchase of
kroger and wal mart
this is my walmart purchase
in walmart bought these bags such
or either of the game this is at 224 each
bag for this use a coupon of 2
in the end, pay after the coupon for
each bag 24 cents
in this purchase I bought these packages from
wipes angels or this is at 137 each
package buy 2 for this use a
50 cents coupon and this is 94
cents and also use the coupon
50 cents
in the end pay for this 87 cents
after the coupon and for this other pay
44 cents this sugar is at 2 with 12
for this sugar use a coupon of a
dollar
in the end pay after the coupon a
dollar with two cents each
I also bought these pastas they are
94 cents each for this use
a coupon of 2 dollars in the purchase of 3
at the end so that after the coupon for
the three 87 cents each one came out to me
pay 27 cents
this white cloud paper pack
it's 194 for this use a coupon
print and talk about a dollar at the end to
that after the coupon 94 cents
this is my purchase of kroger
in kroger I bought these cereal boxes
this is 199 each box I bought 4 boxes
and when we buy 4 boxes they will give us
a catalina of a3 for this serial
use four print coupons and I talked about
a dollar
in the end pay after the coupons
396 but they returned me a catalina from to
three at the end it's like I paid
for each box after the coupons and
after the catalina 24 cents per
each box
these brushes are 89 cents for
this one use a one dollar coupon
in the end these brushes left me
completely free and was moneymaker from
11 cents after the coupon
these chocolates are two by six
three dollars each bag and when
we buy three bags are going to give us a
a three for these chocolates
you use three coupons for one dollar
in the end pay after coupons 6
but they returned me a catalina of 3 to
final is like I'm paying for each
bag after the coupons and after
from the catalina one dollar for each bag
these paper packages are two per
ten to five dollars each package and
when we buy two packages we are going to
Give a catalina of two or if we buy
three packages are going to give us a catalina
Of three
this paper use two coupons
50 cents
at the end to see after the coupons
9 but they returned me a catalina of a 2
in the end it's like he has already paid for
each package after the coupon and after
from the catalina to 350 each pack in
total I bought 4 I made two transactions
this live paper is at 5 dollars each
package to 2 by 10 for this use a
one dollar coupon
at the end pay for each package after
of the coupon four dollars for each
package
these little ice cream bottles are three
for five and when we bought three we
they're going to give a 250 catalina at the end
I paid 5 but they returned me a catalina
of 250 is like I'm paying for each
little boat after the catalina 83
cents
there are also the vegetables that
participate when we buy 3 they will give us
a catalina of 250 I will explain
how I made this purchase of these
little ice cream bottles on the first purchase
I paid for 3 little boats 5 but I
they returned 1 catalina of 250 la catalina
They returned me on the first purchase
I used it for the second purchase and
in the second purchase nothing else paid 250
and I returned again another catalina
of 250
in total perform four transactions
and so I did with the paper the
catalina that I had been given in the
first transaction used it for the
second purchase and this was my purchase the
that I made in two different stores if
they liked do not forget to give them the
thanks to everyone I 'm adela of coupons
for food bye